Modelin' the Internet - Kunli Zhang, Daniel Xue

Simple model of the Internet emulating DNS resolution and web requests. Our project implements physical networks as well as information networks.

For information networks, we are emulating the structure of DNS and implemented both recursive and iterative IP resolutions given configuration files in a similar structure to DNS records.

For physical networks, we are emulating the structure of the Internet and implemented a simple routing algorithm that can route packets from one node to another. We also implemented a simple web server that can serve static files and a simple web cliet that can request files from the server.

Kunli made the Browser, Server, Server Worker, and Client classes, and Daniel made the DNSServer and Lookup classes.

To test our project, you can do the following:

1. Run startDNS.sh to start the DNS server (./startDNS.sh)
2. Run startServer.sh to start the DNS server (./startServer.sh). This starts our two sample servers. Please note that you cannot add httos:// in front of a URL (it can either start with www. or not start with anything (e.g. nets1500.upenn.edu)).

3. Run main in Browser.java to start a client browser.

To test making a new server, you can do the following:
1. Add a new server to the config file in the appropriate location for the DNS server to read. (Domain, IP:port). This is located in the configs folder.
2. Start a new WebServer.java instance with the same IP:port as the config file, and give it the root folder directory (in terms of the project directory) as the second argument.
3. Alternatively, you can add a command to the bash script file to start the server, with the format

java WebServer [PORT NUMBER] [PATH TO SERVER] &

Currently, our project can only display text files. We have included two sample servers which you can use to initially test our project.

www.sample.com, port 8100, root directory: servers/exampleServer.

www.nets1500.upenn.edu, port 5315, root directory: servers/nets1500server


